# 79RGB

The red, green, and blue lights used in additive mixture

- In the digital world RGB (red/green/blue) specification of color is ubiquitous, but there is no single RGB standard. In most systems, a color is represented by 256 levels of each RGB, which leads to about sixteen million combinations. Each RGB value is an integer in the range 0–255. This level of precision is more than sufficient for most consumer applications, although some specialist displays and cameras allow a greater degree of what is referred to as bit depth.

- There is wide variability in the primaries used by different devices. This means that if we display the same RGB values on two different displays, we will probably see two different colors. Color management is the process of working to compensate for this device dependency to achieve color fidelity.

- Of the standard RGB color spaces that exist, RGB is particularly important in modern digital imaging systems. Its widespread adoption by manufacturers enables a good degree of color fidelity despite the variability among devices.

SEE ALSOAdditive Mixture • Color Management

Hex color is code for RGB. In this system the 0–255 decimal values of each RGB value are represented by two characters in the hexadecimal system. In the example at right, the hexadecimal red value of 97 corresponds to 151 in decimal (9*16 + 7). The advantage of this system is that every color is represented by only six characters.

Rosone N.3 ( 2010), by Francesco Rugi and Silvia Quintanilla, known collectively as Carnovsky. Designs for wallpaper and other products are printed in layers of CMY, which separate when viewed under RGB lights or filters.
