# About the Authors

Maggie Maggio is a designer, artist, and art educator who has studied, taught, and worked with color for over forty years. Her personal explorations into the science of light and pigments led to the creation of workshops for artists and designers who want to incorporate the latest research in color science into their creative practice. As a member of the board of directors of the US Inter-Society Color Council (ISCC) and co-chair of the International Color Association Study Group on Color Education, Maggie focuses on bridging between the art, science, and industry of color and advancing color literacy for the twenty-first century. She is the current chair of the Joint International Color Association/ISCC Color Literacy Project, advocating for the integration of art and science in color education programs worldwide.

Stephen Westland is Professor of Color Science and Technology in the School of Design at the University of Leeds (UK). He was previously head of the School of Design at Leeds (2006–2013). His research interests are color design, color vision, and color measurement, and he has published over 250 peer-reviewed papers, book chapters, and books about these topics. He is a fellow of the Society of Dyers and Colourists and was president of the Society in 2019. In 2008 he was awarded the Davies Medal from the Royal Photographic Society (London) for his color research. He has won numerous research grants from both government and industry and has recently worked with AkzoNobel, Colgate, and Unilever on color-related projects. He holds several visiting professorships including at the University of Texas (U.S.) and Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan (China).
